Welcome to another optional installation lecture.
So in this lecture, I'm going to show you how you can install X CTL.
So currently, if I do X here, I'll get cluster.
You can see it says in scary red color it can still is not recognized.
So basically it is not installed.
So if you google install x ctrl, I generally click the first NWS that Amazon.com documentation.
So let's click that.
So there are a couple of prerequisites.
First, you have to install that obviously, which I showed in a previous lecture.
And then you have to configure RWC credentials and then we have to do install and configure CTL, which
we did.
And finally, you have to install X CTL.
So again, for Mac OS and Linux is a little easier.
You will just call a file and then just pseudo just move it to the user local bin and then you are all
set.
I'm going to show it for Windows because Windows one is a little tricky.
So to do Windows you need to install this program chocolaty.
This is actually handy down the line.
When we install Helme and other stuff on Windows, we can use this chocolaty program to install all
that.
So let's do that.
So installing chocolate.
So I'm going to open up this link.
So first, ensure that you are using an administrative shell and install with PowerShell.
So I'm going to use Visual Studio Code's PowerShell, but I'm going to close this and then type in visual
and then right click run as administrator.
Click.
Yes, we are back in as administrator and then we are going to install it.
PowerShell with PowerShell you must ensure get execution policy is not restricted.
So if you run this, I mean probably you will get restricted if you haven't changed it before.
So as you can see, this says restricted.
So if it returns restricted, then run, set, execution policy.
All signed.
Okay.
And then if you rerun this, you can see it's not restricted anymore.
So now run the following command.
So I'm just going to click this copy to click Clipboard, come back to Visual Studio code.
Oh, it's a big command.
All right, let's do this now.
You can see it's getting chocolatey from the steps, and then it's going to install it.
Okay, it is done.
Okay, so now let's check out if it is installed type choco.
Okay, let's do this.
It gives a version, so that means it is installed.
Now we are ready to install x CTL.
So I'm going to copy this.
Go back to our trusty Visual Studio code posted.
Okay.
It's going to take a minute or two.
Yes.
It's a successful.
And then we're going to check the scarcity of Russian.
All right, so we got Exeter fashion.
That means Exeter is successfully installed.
All right, guys and gals, at this point, we have a WSI installed, configured, correctly, installed,
and now x CTL.
We are ready to dive into the actual demos.
All right, guys and girls, see you in the next lecture by.